privacy policy 





Established and enforced on June 13, 2019







Khideyuki will promote the protection of personal information by establishing a personal information protection policy as follows, establishing a system for protecting personal information, and thoroughly recognizing the importance of personal information protection and efforts.

Management of personal information

Khideyuki must maintain and maintain a security system and maintain a thorough maintenance system to prevent unauthorized access, loss, damage, falsification, and leakage of personal information, and to keep customer's personal information accurate and up to date. We take strict measures, implement security measures, and strictly manage personal information.


Purpose of use of personal information

The personal information received from customers will be used for e-mails and advertisements as a response to Khideyuki's communication, business guidance and questions.

Prohibition of disclosure and provision of personal information to the wizard

Khideyuki properly manages personal information received from customers and does not disclose personal information to motherboards, except in the following cases.

・ When there is customer consent
・ When we disclose to a company that outsources our business in order to perform the service you want.
・ When it is necessary to disclose based on laws and regulations


Security measures for personal information

Khideyuki takes thorough security measures to ensure the accuracy and security of personal information.



Inquiry of the person

If a customer wishes to inquire, correct, or delete their personal information, we will confirm their identity and respond.


Observe and review laws and regulations

Khideyuki will comply with Japanese laws and regulations that apply to personal information held, and will review the content of this policy and work to improve it.


Contact Us

For inquiries regarding Khideyuki's handling of personal information, please contact: Replace [000] with @.

kirikirikirikirikiri [000] hotmail.com